Today is the last day of your life so far.
I would love to, but I have to study for a blood test.
If you saw a heat wave, would you wave back?
If a person with multiple personalities threatens suicide, is that considered a hostage situation?
I want to die like my grandfather in his sleep, not like his screaming passengers.
Good friends are like bottles of Sweet Wine. That's why I keep mine locked in the cellar.
If you don't change your direction, you may end up where you were headed.
When in doubt, ignore it.
A bird in the hand makes it hard to blow your nose.
Some days you are the bug, some days you are the windshield.
I was thinking that women should put pictures of missing husbands on beer cans.
A hangover is the wrath of grapes.
I would love to, but I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
A pessimist's blood type is always b-negative.
Banning the bra was a big flop.
A man walked into the doctors, he said, "I've hurt my arm in several places". The doctor said, "Well don't go there anymore".
How much deeper would oceans be if sponges didn't live there?
I would love to, but I'm trying to cut down.
If a man says something in the woods and there are no women there, is he still wrong?
A closed mouth gathers no feet.
Computer programmers know how to use their hardware.
He's not dead, he's electroencephalographically challenged.
On the other hand, you have different fingers.
Q: Why did the runner quit the race against Bigfoot? A: He couldn't face de-feet!!
God didn't create the world in 7 days. He pulled an all-nighter on the 6th.
Don't be irreplaceable. If you can't be replaced, you can't be promoted.
The only way to get rid of temptation is to yield to it.
Each day I try to enjoy something from each of the four food groups: the bonbon group, the salty-snack group, the caffeine group, and the "whatever-the-thing-in-the-tinfoil-in-the-back-of-the- fridge-is" group.
I would love to, but I'm making a home movie called "The Thing That Grew in My Refrigerator."
I would love to, but my favorite commercial is on TV.
Two cannibals are eating dinner. One says to the other, "Gosh, Bill, your wife makes a great meal."
What is a country song played backwards? Your wife gets back with you, your dog comes back to life, your car starts, you get your job back and life is great.
It's not hard to meet expenses, they're everywhere.
I'm thinking of becoming a hitman... Yeah, I heard they make a killing.
Q: How do crazy people get through the forest? A: They take the psycho path.
When you're finally holding all the cards, why does everyone else decide to play chess?
Timing has an awful lot to do with the outcome of a rain dance.
Lynch's Law: When the going gets tough, everyone leaves.
She's always late. Her ancestors arrived on the Juneflower.
I think the Japanese flag is really a pie chart of how afraid they are of Godzilla.
Earn cash in your spare time -- blackmail friends.
I would love to, but I have to knit some dust bunnies for a charity bazaar.
If a motorist cuts you off, just turn the other cheek. Nothing gets the message across like a good mooning.
Old math teachers never die, they just reduce to lowest term.
I would love to, but I feel a song coming on.
Q: What did Tom get when he locked Jerry in the freezer? A: Mice cubes!
Why do they call it an asteroid when it's outside the hemisphere, but call it a hemorrhoid when it's in your ass?
Whose cruel idea was it for the word "lisp" to have an "s" in it?
If it's zero degrees outside today and it's supposed to be twice as cold tomorrow, how cold is it going to be?
Why is there a light in the fridge and not in the freezer?
Titanic is just one example of the ice bucket challenge going wrong...
It may be that your sole purpose in life is simply to serve as a warning to others.
Death is Nature's way of saying 'slow down'.
I was thinking about how people seem to read the Bible a whole lot more as they get older, then it dawned on me they were cramming for their finals.
Q: How does the brain communicate with the nerves? A: With a Cell phone!
If Fed Ex and UPS were to merge, would they call it Fed UP? (what if FedEx, UPS and Emery Worldwide merged = Fed Up Worldwide)?
Q: What did the sardine call the submarine? A: A can of people!
A bus station is where a bus stops. A train station is where a train stops. On my desk, I have a work station...?
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance.
Q: What kind of music do Mummies listen to? A: Wrap.
Did you ever notice that when you blow in a dog's face, he gets mad at you, but when you take him on a car ride, he can't wait to stick his head out the window into the wind?
Experience is something you don't get until just after you need it.
Don't blame the holidays, you were fat in August.
I married Miss Right. I just didn't know her first name was 'Always!'
Follow your dream! Unless it's the one where you're at work in your underwear during a fire drill.
I would love to, but I have to stay home and see if I snore.
The Gym is like Church. Everybody thinks that by going one hour, one day, they'll erase what they did during the week.
Practice safe eating: always use condiments.
I would love to, but I just picked up a book called "Glue in Many Lands" and I'm stuck on it.
If a cow laughed, would milk come out its nose?
Life is what happens to you while you are planning to do something else.
Early bird gets the worm, but the second mouse gets the cheese.
Q: Why do cows wear bells? A: Because their horns don't work!
If you are coasting, you're going downhill.
I would love to, but I'm up to my eardrums in waxy buildup.
You must've sat in a pile of sugar because you've got a sweet ass!
A bad day fishing is better than a good day at work.
Don't worry, it only seems kinky the first time.
Can blind people see their dreams? Do they dream??
Ambition a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
Why do psychics have to ask you for your name?
Police arrested two kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, and the other was eating fireworks. They charged one and let the other one off.
Dijon vu: the same mustard as before.
It was all so different before everything changed.
I fired my masseuse today. She just rubbed me the wrong way.
Time flies like an arrow. Fruit flies like a banana.
As you read the scroll, it vanishes...
I would love to, but my chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
Jury -- Twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer.
I would love to, but I have to jog my memory.
If I worked as much as others, I would do as little as they.
How come abbreviated is such a long word?
Is a book on voyeurism a peeping tome.
Televangelists: The Pro Wrestlers of religion.
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either. Just leave me alone.
He who hesitates is boss.
Love is like a roller coaster: when it's good you don't want to get off, and when it isn't... you can't wait to throw up.
History does not repeat itself, -- historians merely repeat each other.
I’ve probably wasted a solid year of my life just staring into the fridge.
A boss with no humor is like a job that is no fun.
Since light travels faster than sound, isn't that why some people appear bright until you hear them speak?
A Freudian slip is when you say one thing but mean your mother.
I would love to, but I have to sit up with a sick ant.
Support bacteria - they're the only culture some people have.
Q: Why do ghosts have so much trouble dating? A: Women can see right through them.
I would love to, but I have to rotate my crops.
Energizer Bunny arrested, charged with battery.
Familiarity breeds children.
Ironically, the only way you could get me to watch 50 shades of gray is if you tied me up and forced me to watch it.
MOP AND GLOW - Floor wax used by Three Mile Island cleanup team.
Dancing cheek-to-cheek is really a form of floor play.
OK, so what's the speed of dark?
CLEARASOL - Effective sunspot remover.
Ain't it funny how the colors red, white, and blue represent freedom until they are flashing behind your car.
I would love to, but I have to go to court for kitty littering.
Depression is merely anger without enthusiasm.
I love defenseless animals, especially in a good gravy.
Computer modelers simulate it first.
Quoting one is plagiarism. Quoting many is research.
Computer hackers do it all night long.
Never miss a good chance to shut up.
24 hours in a day ... 24 beers in a case ...coincidence?
Entropy isn't what it used to be.
After Monday and Tuesday even the calendar says W T F.
If you ain't makin' waves, you ain't kickin' hard enough!
What happens if you get scared half to death twice?
I would love to, but I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
What do you call a male ladybug?
Saying you are dumped but we can still be friends is like saying the dog died but let's take it for a walk anyway.
Drive defensively -- buy a tank.
BATCH - A group, kinda like a herd.
Why is there an expiration date on sour cream?
Some days you're the dog, some days you're the hydrant.
Beauty is in the eye of the beer holder...
If electricity comes from electrons, does morality come from morons?
Without geometry, life is pointless.
GAY ABANDON - Homosexual repellent perfume.
I would love to, but I'm attending a perfume convention as guest sniffer.
Drink 'till she's cute, but stop before the wedding.
A bird in the hand is dead.
If you tied buttered toast to the back of a cat and dropped it from a height, what would happen?
I'm defending her honor, which is more than she ever did.
Q: Did you hear about the butcher who accidentally backed into the meat grinder? A: He got a little behind in his work.
The only substitute for good manners is fast reflexes.
It is a miracle that curiosity survives formal education. Albert Einstein
Is there another word for synonym?
Two women walked into a building. You'd think at least one of them would have seen it.
Two elephants walk off a cliff... boom, boom!
Why do the Alphabet song and Twinkle, Twinkle Little Star have the same tune?
I would love to, but I have to thaw some karate chops for dinner.
Those who live by the sword get shot by those who don't.
If you're not part of the solution, be part of the problem!
Always remember you are unique - just like everyone else.
Of the choice of two evils, I pick the one I've never tried before.
Don't squat with your spurs on.
Don't force it, get a larger hammer.
When I'm feeling down, I like to whistle. It makes the neighbor's dog run to the end of his chain and gag himself.
No one is listening until you fart.
Q: Why are gold fish orange? A: The water makes them rusty!
Ambition is a poor excuse for not having enough sense to be lazy.
For Sale: Parachute. Only used once, never opened, small stain.
If the police arrest a mime, do they tell him he has the right to remain silent?
Herblock's Law: if it is good, they will stop making it.
Who is General Failure and why is he reading my hard disk?
The only difference between a rut and a grave is the depth.
I would love to, but I'm touring China with a wok band. I'm trying desperately to be less popular.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving is not for you.
"You know, somebody actually complimented me on my driving today. They left a little note on the windscreen. It said, 'Parking Fine.' So that was nice."
Mediocrity thrives on standardization.
Why do they sterilize needles for lethal injections?
Q: What do you call a guy turned on by a witch? A: Scared stiff.
I think the condoms need to be located in the baby aisle next to the 30 dollar diapers and 20 dollar formula cans.
Always take time to stop and smell the roses... and sooner or later, you'll inhale a bee.
A man's home is his castle, in a manor of speaking.
I almost had a psychic girlfriend but she left me before we met.
Reality's the only obstacle to happiness.
With great power comes a great electricity bill.
If everything seems to be going well, you have obviously overlooked something.
Shin: a device for finding furniture in the dark.
I used to have an open mind but my brains kept falling out.
I went to buy some camouflage trousers the other day but I couldn't find any.
This land is your land. This land is my land. So stay on your land.
It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal the neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
I would love to, but I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
Q: Why did the Vampire get fired from the Blood Bank? A: He was caught drinking on the job.
I used to be a lumberjack, but I just couldn't hack it, so they gave me the ax.
Ever wonder what the speed of lightning would be if it didn't zigzag?
A President of a democracy is a man who is always ready, willing, and able to lay down your life for his country.
What the bra say to the hat? You go on ahead, while I give these two a lift.
When all else fails, read the instructions.
I would love to, but my yucca plant is feeling yucky.
If you can't read this, you're illiterate.
I went for a walk last night and my kids asked me how long I'd be gone. I said, "The whole time."
Do something unusual today. Accomplish work on the computer.
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor.
Some grow with responsibility, others just swell.
Apparently, 1 in 5 people in the world are Chinese. There are 5 people in my family, so it must be one of them. It's either my mum or my Dad, or my older brother Colin, or my younger brother Ho-Cha-Chu. But I think it's Colin.
Why do midgets laugh when they run? Coz the grass tickles their balls!
Duct tape is like the Force. It has a light side & a dark side, and it holds the universe together.
Why does your OB-GYN leave the room when you get undressed if they are going to look up there anyway?
I would love to, but I've been traded to Cincinnati.
I would love to, but I'm too young for that stuff.
Q: What travels all around the world while staying in one place? A: A postage stamp.
QUASIMOTO - 4 wheeled hard-top moped made in France.
An apple a day keeps the doctor away... so does having no medical insurance.
The interest in ironing is decreasing.
One day YouTube, Twitter and Facebook will merge and be known as YouTwitFace.
As they say at the Planned Parenthood Clinic, better late than never!
I used to work in a blanket factory, but it folded.
If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of car payments.
Death is life's way of telling you you've been fired.
If you don't like my driving, don't call anyone. Just take another road. That's why the highway department made so many of them.
Sex is like air. It's not important unless you aren't getting any.
Never play strip poker with a nudist, they have nothing to lose.
I would love to, but I'm going to the Missing Persons Bureau to see if anyone is looking for me.
If quizzes are quizzical, what are tests?
What if there were no hypothetical questions?
Q: What is the best thing about schizophrenia? A: You're never alone!
I went to the butchers the other day and I bet him 50 quid that he couldn't reach the meat off the top shelf. He said, "No, the steaks are too high."
Marriage is very much like a violin; after the sweet music is over, the strings are attached.
Why don't they just make mouse-flavoured cat food?
Why do toasters always have a setting that burns the toast to a horrible crisp, which no decent human being would eat?
'Doc I can't stop singing The Green, Green Grass of Home' "That sounds like Tom Jones syndrome." 'Is it common?' "It's not unusual."
A day without sunshine is like, well, night.
I drive way too fast to worry about cholesterol.
Man who scratches ass should not bite fingernails!
I went to school to become a wit, only got halfway through.
Q: Why did the nurse go to art school? A: To learn how to draw blood!
My camera is broken. But, I won't have a negative attitude - I'll take it to the repair shop and see what develops.
Our ice cream man was found lying on the floor of his van covered with hundreds and thousands. Police say that he topped himself.
Mail your packages early so that the post office can lose them in time for Christmas!
Before you criticize someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes. That way, when you criticize them, you're a mile away and you have their shoes.
Isn't Disney World just a people trap operated by a mouse?
SYSTEM GOING DOWN AT 4:45 THIS AFTERNOON FOR DISK CRASHING.
I feel like I'm diagonally parked in a parallel universe.
It's a small world, but I wouldn't want to paint it.
I just got skylights put in my place. The people who live above me are furious.
Phone answering machine message - "... If you want to buy marijuana, press the hash key...".
Pirates make the best music because they write everything with a hook.
Funeral homes are forever getting stiffed.
Just remember... You gotta break some eggs to make a real mess on the neighbor's car!
I would love to, but my Dress For Obscurity class meets then.
Computer programmers don't byte, they nybble a bit.
I would love to, but I'm having all my plants neutered.
Does the name Pavlov ring a bell?
The attention span of a computer is as long as its electrical cord.
A diplomat is someone who can tell you to go to hell in such a way that you will look forward to the trip.
If you can't be kind, at least have the decency to be vague.
Documentation is like sex: When it's good, it's fantastic, when it's bad...
When you find yourself getting irritated with someone, try to remember that all men are brothers... and just give them a noogie or a swirly.
In University I was going to join the debate team, but someone talked me out of it.
One nice thing about egotists: they don't talk about other people.
Q: Who earns a living by driving his customers away? A: A taxi driver.
So what's the speed of dark?
My maid is a commercial cleaner... She only cleans during commercials!
Automobile - A mechanical device that runs up hills and down people.
I don't know why I broke up with my girl at the gym. Guess we just weren't working out.
What we could really use is the separation of Bush and state.
Generally speaking, you aren't learning much when your mouth is moving.
The first rule of holes: If you are in one, stop digging.
Q: What do you call a sleeping bull? A: A bulldozer
Do Lipton employees take coffee breaks?
I poured Spot remover on my dog. Now he's gone.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
The quickest way to double your money is to fold it in half and put it back in your pocket.
If you are not the lead dog, the scenery never changes.
I used to do yoga, but their expectations of me were too high. They wanted me to bend over backwards for them.
How do you tell when you run out of invisible ink?
Let not the sands of time get in your lunch.
All that glitters has a high refractive index.
Nothing is fool-proof to a sufficiently talented fool.
Last night I had a dream that I ate a ten pound marshmallow. When I woke up, my pillow was gone.
I would love to, but I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
When the chips are down, the buffalo is empty.
Brain -- the apparatus with which we think that we think.
If it's true that we are here to help others, then what exactly are the OTHERS here for?
If quitters never win, and winners never quit, what fool came up with, "Quit while you're ahead?"
Q: What do ceramic tile and men have in common? A: If you lay them right the first time, you can walk on them for life!
I told a girl her eyebrows were drawn on too high. She looked surprised.
I really think the Mars Rover is scouting for the next Wal-Mart Superstore site.
If you are given two contradictory orders, obey them both.
KODACLONE - duplicating film.
It's always darkest before dawn. So if you're going to steal your neighbor's newspaper, that's the time to do it.
I would love to, but my uncle escaped, again.
Health is merely the slowest possible rate at which one can die.
Join the Army, meet interesting people, kill them.
My friend drowned in a bowl of muesli. A strong currant pulled him in.
Ghosts are hard to impress. They boo everything.
When everything's coming your way, you're in the wrong lane.
Despite the cost of living, have you noticed how it remains so popular?
Anarchy is better that no government at all.
Life's a bitch, then you die.
To err is human, to really foul things up requires a computer.
Condoms should be used on every conceivable occasion.
Two Eskimos sitting in a kayak were chilly. They lit a fire in the craft, it sank, proving once and for all that you can't have your kayak and heat it.
Give a man a free hand and he'll run it all over you.
YTERM - A terminal program for queries.
Clones are people two.
Everyone has a photographic memory. Some don't have film.
If you cannot convince them, confuse them.
This morning I woke up to the unmistakable scent of pigs in a blanket. That's the price you pay for letting the relatives stay over.
I would love to, but I never go out on days that end in "Y."
Marriage is an institution in which a man loses his Bachelor's Degree and the woman gets her Masters.
Keep your nose to the grindstone and your shoulder to the wheel... it's cheaper than plastic surgery.
I walked into the bedroom and tripped on the wife's Bra. It was a booby trap.
A king's castle is his home.
I would love to, but I have to be on the next train to Bermuda.
I believe for every drop of rain that falls, a flower grows. And a foundation leaks and a ball game gets rained out and a car rusts and...
Q: What do you get if you cross Bambi with a ghost? A: Bamboo.
Any small object when dropped will hide under a larger object.
It's amazing how fast your mood can change after you step in some water with socks on.
I would love to, but I have to bleach my hare.
Back up my hard drive? How do I put it in reverse?
I would love to, but I promised to help a friend re-fold road maps.
Does pushing the elevator button more than once make it arrive faster?
I intend to live forever - so far, so good.
When in doubt, don't bother.
The journey of a thousand miles begins with a broken fan belt and a leaky tire.
So I was getting into my car, and this bloke says to me "Can you give me a lift?" I said "Sure, you look great, the world's your oyster, go for it.'
I'd insult you, but you're not bright enough to notice.
Q: What is the difference between a guitar and a tuna fish? A: You can tune a guitar but you can't tuna fish.
Life is a lot like toilet paper. You're either on a roll.....or you're taking shit from some asshole.
Do illiterate people get the full effect of Alphabet Soup?
If all is not lost, where is it?
Some people are like clouds. When they disappear it’s a brighter day.
People think Cupid is a symbol for love. Personally, I find an arrow being shot through your heart by a flying baby very horrifying.
Nostalgia isn't what it used to be.
What hair colour do they put on the driver's licenses of bald people?
Buried my grandmother in the wrong plot. That was a grave mistake.
The little boy asked his dad one evening, "Daddy, how much does it cost to get married?" "I don't know, son," he said. "I'm still paying for it."
I'm not cheap, but I am on special this week.
If you can't drink and drive, why do bars have parking lots?
If the #2 pencil is the most popular, why is it still #2?
If God wanted me to touch my toes, He would have put them on my knees.
If you take an Oriental person and spin him around several times, does he become disoriented?
A backscratcher will always find new itches; a brown-noser will always find new sense.
If you drink, don't park; accidents cause people.
Indifference will be the downfall of mankind, but who cares?
All those who believe in psychokinesis raise my hand.
Corduroy pillows are making headlines.
If Jimmy cracks corn and no one cares, why is there a song about him?
It's hard to make a comeback when you haven't been anywhere.
Laughing stock: cattle with a sense of humor.
If you are asked to join a parade, don't march behind the elephants.
My grandfather died due to shoddy hospital care. I wouldn't have minded, but he was only in there to visit my grandma.
If you cannot dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them with lies.
It's not hard to meet expenses. They're everywhere.
Quantum Mechanics: The dreams stuff is made of.
Women always call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.
Q: Why didn't the dog want to play football? A: It was a boxer!
Q: What do you call a virgin on a waterbed? A: A cherry float.
Mind Like A Steel Trap Rusty And Illegal In 37 States.
Marriage is a thing which puts a ring on a woman's finger and two under the man's eyes.
When I'm not in my right mind, my left mind gets pretty crowded.
Q: What's the difference between sin and shame? A: It is a sin to put it in, but it's a shame to pull it out.
Shotgun wedding: A case of wife or death.
Can a hearse carrying a corpse drive in the carpool lane?
It's a small world. So you gotta use your elbows a lot.
It works better if you plug it in.
I just got lost in thought. It was unfamiliar territory.
Whoever said money doesn't grow on trees has obviously never sold weed.
A man needs a mistress just to break the monogamy.
I would love to, but I have too much guilt.
Silver's law:  If Murphy's law can go wrong it will.
If corn oil is made from corn, and vegetable oil is made from vegetables, then what is baby oil made from?
Do not walk behind me, for I may not lead. Do not walk ahead of me, for I may not follow. Do not walk beside me, either, just leave me alone.
If you choke a smurf, what color does it turn?
When two egotists meet, it's an I for an I.
What do you call male ballerinas?
Marriage is not a word. It is a sentence--a life sentence.
Q: What do you say if you meet a toad? A: Wart's new!
There are two theories to arguing with women. Neither one works.
Computers are not intelligent. They only think they are.
Corduroy pillows: They're making headlines!
Seen it all, done it all, can't remember most of it.
Man goes to the doctor, with a strawberry growing out of his bum. Doc says "I'll give you some cream to put on it."
Change is inevitable, except from a vending machine.
Fairy tales: horror stories for children to get them use to reality.
If you are worried about being crazy, don't be overly concerned. If you were, you would think you were sane.
I would love to, but I'm uncomfortable when I'm alone or with others.
What do you call a fish with no eyes ? A fsh.
Never test the depth of the water with both feet.
Don't hate yourself in the morning -- sleep till noon.
Dancing is a perpendicular expression of a horizontal desire.
Isn't Disney World a people trap operated by a mouse?
Why do people point to their wrist when asking for the time, but don't point to their crotch when they ask where the bathroom is?
Pardon my driving, I am reloading.
Sea captains don't like crew cuts.
Q: Why aren't there any famous skeletons? A: They're a bunch of no bodies.
If you are feeling good, don't worry. You'll get over it.
I would love to, but I'm going to be old someday.
Marriage certificate is just another word for a work permit.
Who was the first person to say, "See that chicken there....I'm gonna eat the next thing that comes outta it's butt"?
A clean tie attracts the soup of the day.
Into every life some rain must fall. Usually when your car windows are down.
Who was the first person to look at a cow and say, "I think I'll squeeze these dangly things here, and drink whatever comes out"?
I'm a sexual health doctor for the lower ranks of the military. I inspect the privates.
Excuses are like asses everyone's got em and they all stink.
I tried sniffing Coke once, but the ice cubes got stuck in my nose.
Q: What's another name for policemen when they're in bed? A: Undercover cops.
If the professor on Gilligan's Island can make a radio out of coconut, why can't he fix a hole in a boat?
If Barbie is so popular, why do you have to buy her friends?
I went to the bank the other day and asked the banker to check my balance, so she pushed me!
We are born naked, wet, and hungry. Then things get worse.
SQWERTY - Computer keyboard sized down for use by children.
I used to have winter fat but now I have spring rolls.
I would love to, but Oooo, having fun gives me prickly heat.
If Wile E. Coyote had enough money to buy all that Acme crap, why didn't he just buy dinner?
Marriage is the mourning after the knot before.
Why does Goofy stand erect while Pluto remains on all fours? They're both dogs!
I would love to, but I think you want the OTHER (fill in your name here).
Courage is your greatest present need.
The road to to success is always under construction.
TRAPEZOID - A device for catching zoids.
If you tell the truth, you don't have to remember anything.
Going the speed of light is bad for your age.
I couldn't repair your brakes, so I made your horn louder.
Return ticket. That takes me back.
The only time the world beats a path to your door is if you're in the bathroom.
QUARKBAR - the candy with flavour and charm.
If you jog backwards, will you gain weight?
Boycott shampoo! Demand the REAL poo!
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
I would love to, but I prefer to remain an enigma.
I tried to join the Paranoia's Anonymous, but they would't tell me where they were.
Good judgment comes from bad experience, and a lot of that comes from bad judgment.
Never lick a gift horse in the mouth.
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter.
I wish the buck stopped here. I could use a few...
Two goldfish are in a tank. One turns to the other and says, "Do you know how to drive this thing?"
A handy telephone tip: Keep a small chalkboard near the phone. That way, when a salesman calls, you can hold the receiver up to it and run your fingernails across it until he hangs up.
If you are running for a short line, it suddenly becomes a long line.
If one synchronized swimmer drowns, do the rest drown, too?
Give a man a fish and he will eat for a day. Teach him how to fish, and he will sit in a boat & drink beer all day.
If you shake up a can of beer, and spill it on your stove, do you get foam on the range?
I heard a great joke about amnesia but I forgot it.
When you dream in color, it's a pigment of your imagination.
Wear short sleeves! Support your right to bare arms!
Xerox does it again and again and again and...
Marriage is not just a having a wife, but also worries inherited forever.
Energizer Bunny arrested; charged with battery.
Two fat blokes in a pub, one says to the other "Your round."
Be moderate where pleasure is concerned, avoid fatigue.
Screw up your life, you've screwed everything else up.
Marriage is love. Love is blind. Therefore, marriage is an institution for the blind.
I would love to, but I'm too old for that stuff.
It is far more impressive when others discover your good qualities without your help.
Those who can't write, write help files.
If you lend someone $20, and never see that person again, it was probably worth it.
I went to a seafood disco last week... and pulled a muscle.
My best friend ran away with my wife... I miss him.
All reports are in. Life is now officially unfair.
He who laughs last, thinks slowest.
If you can smile when things go wrong, you must have someone to blame.
Reading whilst sunbathing makes you well-red.
A bird in the bush usually has a friend in there with him.
I would love to, but my bathroom tiles need grouting.
He who hesitates is sometimes saved.
I used to think maths was useless but then one day I realized that decimals had a point.
A bird in the hand is always safer than one overhead.
If electricity comes from electrons, does that mean that morality comes from morons?
Eagles may soar, but weasels don't get sucked into jet engines.
Mental backup in progress - Do Not Disturb!
Black holes are where God divided by zero.
Sign in restaurant window: "Eat now - Pay waiter."
In the field of observation, chance favors only the prepared minds.
Honk if you love peace and quiet.
My wife says we should spice up our sex life with some stuff from 50 Shades of Grey. First, she wants me to become a billionaire.
To be, or not to be, those are the parameters.
I would love to, but my mother would never let me hear the end of it.
Q: What do you give a man with an artificial heart? A: Three weeks.
My wife really likes to make pottery, but to me it's just kiln time.
Wasting time is an important part of life.
Old MacDonald had an agricultural real estate tax abatement.
XMODEM - A spot-marking transfer protocol.
Help support helpless victims of computer error.
Many people quit looking for work when they find a job.
A vampire walks into a bar, and asks for a "Large glass of A-positive blood." The bartender looks him square in the eyes, and says "I'm sorry, but we don't serve your type here!"
